Welcome back.
Let's go over the solution for the SS assessment by going through the tasks that see a SS file.
OK.
So here you have three major components open.
One is the actual HVM l file.
The second is the CSSA file and then the third is the link to the H-2 him.
In my browser so I refresh this right now.
Notice there's no styling on this.
H tim L.
When I'm going to do now is expand the CSSA file and I'll keep this tab open for each T.M. in case I
want to ever reference it.
But right now we're just looking purely at the C Ss and our first task was to give the body element
of the site a light gray background using a hex code.
So the way we do that is we say body curly braces and we can do a background color like this or just
background and the hex code I found by playing around with hex speaker is D-3 D-3 the three scientists
say that refresh my browser and now I see this light gray background task number 2 was to change H-1
to have a four pixel solid black border and to center that text.
So to try to say H-1 the border we can do this in one single line by saying one pixel solid black.
So my Kolins and that property value pair.
And then remember we can say text align and we can say Center save that refresh.
And now I see.
Welcome to puppie blog has that border and it's been centered task number three it was to make all H-2
elements the color purple.
Easy enough we just say H-2 color and set it equal to purple.
And when I refresh this page I should see these two heading TOS to be purple.
Next was to take all the input tag boxes and make them have a five pixel solid dark blue border.
So I'll say input and again there's two different ways of doing this.
You can either specify all of these individually like lips border color give it the value dark blue
and then grab border style and then give it the color solid or give it a style solid and then border
with and then say something like five pixels.
So that's one option.
The other option would be to do what we did before and just say something like five pixels solid dark
blue.
It's up to you which styles you prefer.
What's nice about doing them separately is that you get that nice autocomplete for the options.
So if I refresh this now on the input email password and log in I see those thick dark blue borders.
Task number six is that there's a text area element so if you scroll down.
This thing is a text area element and I wanted it to have some specialized properties.
So what we can do is since it has an ID text block I can do a hash tag text block and then say give
it the border.
In this case it wants a five pixel solid gray border and we can adjust the width and height simply by
asking for those properties so I can say with 100 pixels and height.
Notice how it just auto completes which is really convenient for pixels.
Save those changes refresh and you'll see that change here.
Notice I'm superzoom then and I have this browser quite small.
So it's a little distorted on my screen test number 7 is there's a link to Google on the page make this
link read.
So since I know it's a link it must be an anchor tied and it's the only one on the page so I can just
call anchor tag color red save that change and it here take you to Google so you can search for pups.
I'll refresh this.
And now it's red task number nine was to finally set all the font to be this all Drik font and it's
actually already linked to.
If you come over here it's the h t m l it's linked right here.
Font's Google API all Drik.
So what we need to do here is just if you Google that link they'll tell you what to do.
I'm going to say body to grab everything and say font family and then essentially follow the instructions
if you follow that link on Google which is just all Drik comma Sincero of say that.
And when you refreshed this you'll notice this all everything in the body all the font family has changed.
So that's a nice way to essentially grab all the font on the Web site and change it at once.
That's why it was kind of a bonus task at the end.
OK.
If you have any questions feel free to post the Q&A forums.
The main idea should be able to do now is understand that you can connect classes IDs and element tags
from the C Ss chains or property values for styles and then affect your Each T.M..
OK that's it.
We'll see at the next lecture.